I alone have a rendezvous, I am caught up; I am alarmed by the slightest injuries. The delight of inclusion; in such discussion, the object of love...  What is futile is what your cry means. You are everywhere, your image is without a reply. Such a man is obviously not to be found, for bad humor is nothing more or less than a message. Such is amorous fatigue: a hunger not to be satisfied, a gaping love. I live under the regime of too much or not enough; greedy for coincidence as I am The gift is contact, sensuality: you will be touching what I have touched, a third skin unites us. it is becoming a subject, being unable to keep myself from doing so, which drives me mad. Does this mean, then, that my desire, quite special as it may be, is linked to a type? If I acknowledge my dependency, I do so because for me it is a means of signifying my demand: in the realm of love, futility is not a "weakness" or an "absurdity": it is a strong sign: the more futile, the more it signifies and the more it asserts itself as strength. I am caught up in a double discourse, from which I cannot escape. I take a role: I am the one who is going to cry; and I play this role for myself, and it makes me cry: I am my own theater.
Thus I suffer four times over: because I am lost, forever. Bustling gossip, all jealousy suspended, around this absent party whose objective nature is reinforced by two converging visions: we give ourselves over to a rigorous, successful experiment, since there are two observers and since the two observations are made under the same conditions: the object is proved: to discover that am right (to be happy, to be injured, to be anxious). The scene is like the Sentence: structurally, there is no obligation for it to stop; no internal constraint exhausts it, because, as in the Sentence, once the core is given (the fact, the decision), the expansions are infinitely renewable. This work derives, then, from two different linguistic series, generally repressed-since official linguistics concerns itself only with the message. What echoes in me is what I learn with my body: something sharp and tenuous suddenly wakens this body, which, meanwhile, had languished in the rational knowl\xad edge of a general situation: the word, the image, the thought function like a whiplash. a drop of being-in-love diluted in some vague friendly relation dyes it brightly, makes it incomparable As long as this strange mourning lasts, I will therefore have to undergo two contrary miseries: to suffer from the fact that the other is present (continuing, in spite of himself, to wound me) and to suffer from the fact that the other is dead (dead at least as I loved him). anxiety in the pure state: the anxiety of abandonment; I have just shifted in a second from absence to death; the other is as if dead: explosion of grief: I am internally livid. For instance: the other sets about making me contradict myself (which has the effect of paralyzing any language in me); or again, the other alternates actions of seduction with actions of frustration ( this is a commonplace of the amorous relation); the other shifts without warning from one regime to another, from intimate tenderness and complicity to coldness, to silence, to dismissiveness; or finally, in an even more tenuous fashion, though no less wounding, the other sets about "breaking" the conversation, either by forcing it to shift suddenly from a serious subject ( which matters to me) to a trivial one, or by being obviously interested, while I am speaking, in something else than what I am saying. Everything about the other which doesn\'t concern me seems alien, hostile; I then feel toward him a mixture of alarm and severity: I fear and l reprove the loved being, once he no longer "sticks" to his image. By my voice, whatever it says, the other will recognize "that something is wrong with me."

